their route takes them along the eastern
boundary of their range right next to
their arch mongoose enemies the stripe
family these are nasty neighbors have
recently stolen a chunk of the bandits
territory and moved in the bandits new
border is in the lodge grounds and as
they reach this part of their turf an
unwelcome scent puts the mob on edge the
source of the scent is quickly apparent
this strike gang not content with
stealing one chunk of territory they now
have to take a bit more but the Bandit
brothers aren't gonna take this lying
down
and there's a call to arms
the two families square up to each other
the banded brothers go in hard a brave
little family fighting for its life
the weaponry descends into chaos but as
the two sides regroup
it seems the stripes are holding their
ground
the banded brothers beater retreat
fortunately the only thing injured is
the family's pride but they have lost
more than face they've lost some much
prized territory too it's a disastrous
loss and things are about to get even
worse
with young pups to protect and the strut
gang so near the bandits have no option
other than to move been site but moving
dens with such young pups
is a serious undertaking so when a
hopeful customer for the grooming
service arrives he sent packing
the pups are corralled together in
advance of the move they're too young to
make the journey under their own steam
and will have to be carried the bandits
have a number of regularly used den
sites throughout their territory but
with so much turmoil know if it's safe
at the moment